[ADP-3387] Cleanup wallet in mainnet run instructions and E2E smoke tests (#4681)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: README.md

### Running on mainnet

On `mainnet`, the Minimum System Requirements for a `cardano-node` are high:

- 200GB of disk space (for the history of blocks)
- 24GB of RAM (for the current UTxO set)

> You can download a snapshot to speed up the synchronization process, but you will
> give up the trustless nature of the blockchain, as a malicious initial block producer
> could have been forging this. TO BE CONFIRMED!! @Heinrich

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up the synchronization process,
you can download a snapshot of the `cardano-node` state database,
but you will have much less security than the full Ouroboros consensus protocol.
In particular, the snapshot could be created by a malicious block producer and
contain erroneous transactions that are not consensus on `mainnet`!
```

```bash
cd run/mainnet/docker
./snapshot.sh
```

The snapshot.sh will try to use `NODE_DB` as the directory to store the snapshot.

> If you did it or not you can start the wallet with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wether you used a snapshot or not, you can now start the wallet with
```

```bash
cd run/mainnet/docker
./run.sh start
```

Notice that the wallet port is not exposed.
For security reasons **you should not expose** the wallet port to the internet.
The cardano-wallet **is not designed to be exposed** to the internet.

> It's not different from exposing your bank account to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be no different from exposing the keys to your bank account to the internet!
```
